Hello, 

Thank you for submitting an update to the app, Pregnancy AI Assistant, for review. We noticed some issues that require your attention. Please see below for additional information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: ce51847e-cdb0-428e-9fcf-33c4b501874f
Review date: June 24, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0.1 (7)

Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We were unable to sign in with the following demo account credentials you provided in App Store Connect:

User name: appreview@pregnancy-assistant.com
Password: SVvB5:x56my_de!

To avoid delays, it is essential to provide access to the app's full features and functionality with every submission.

Next Steps

Provide the username and password for a valid demo account in App Store Connect that provides full access to the app's features and functionality or include a demonstration mode that shows all of the features and functionality available in the app. Note that we cannot use a demo video showing the app in use to continue the review.

Resources

Learn how to share information when submitting an app for review.
Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: We were unable to receive the 6-digit code in our email when attempted to sign up.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iOS 26.5.1 and iPadOS 26.5
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Guideline 1.4.1 - Safety - Physical Harm

Issue Description

The app includes medical information but does not include citations for the medical information. 

Specifically, the app provides health or medical recommendations and references in the Calculate section without citations, such as links to sources for this information.

All apps with medical and health information should include citations to ensure users are provided accurate information.

Next Steps

Include citations in the app of the sources of the recommendations or information, such as links to those sources. The citations to the sources should be easy for the user to find. 

Resources 

Learn more about requirements for medical apps in guideline 1.4.1.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.